docs(mm-routing): note Qwen3.5 / Qwen3.6 not yet supported (#9569)
ai-dynamo/dynamo: docs/features/multimodal/multimodal-kv-routing.md

1. The Rust frontend computes an `mm_hash` per image: `xxh3_64` of the decoded bytes for `data:` URIs (and for `http(s)://` when `media_decoder` is enabled on the model), otherwise `xxh3_64` of the full URL string. Two callers will share an `mm_hash` only when they send byte-identical URLs.
2. The image-placeholder token id is resolved by delegating to lightseek's per-model `ModelProcessorSpec` (one spec per supported VLM family — Qwen3-VL, Qwen2.5-VL, Qwen2-VL, LLaVA-NeXT, LLaVA-1.5, Phi-3-vision, Llama-4, Kimi-K2.5). Each spec reads the appropriate `config.json` field for its model family (`image_token_id`, `image_token_index`, or `media_placeholder_token_id`) and falls back to probing the tokenizer's vocab when only the placeholder string is registered. Models the registry doesn't recognise fall back to text-prefix-only routing.

> > **Note:** Qwen3.5 / Qwen3.6 are not yet supported in the Rust frontend for MM routing. Support will come in a follow-up release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Qwen3.5 / Qwen3.6 image token expansion is not yet supported in the Rust frontend for MM routing, so KV routing will only consider the text inputs + unexpanded image token placeholders. Support will come in a follow-up release.
```
